today to secondary school
number two was humanitarian aid
from the city of Ivanovo, Russian Federation
delivered the cargo squad rus accompanied
fighter with the call sign firs cargo composition
entered the educational and methodical literature
for school children baby food
things and toys humanitarian will
distributed across all training
institution of the city and district in this difficult
and economically unstable for verse us
time unprotected turned out to be the most
little inhabitants of our city and region
these are our children but there are people who don’t
indifferent and perceive other people's problems
how are your so thanks to public
organizations we are from the city of ivanov and
a group of helping hands from the city of Vladimir
with the active assistance of the commander
divisions
Rub Bondarenko Sergey Mikhailovich and in our
the city brought humanitarian aid in
the form
educational and methodical literature
over six thousand copies as well
this is stationery this clothes is baby
nutrition
your help is invaluable in
growing up growing up
generations thank you all so much from
our children of our city in the textbook
given from the city of Ivanovo
civilians were usually gathered there
is it a city of Vladimir
changing helping hands ivan organizations and
that is, that is, gathering gum
Internet but swearing threat for children
Donbass
here now brought textbooks
baby food toys stuff for kids
that is, I kind of licked accompanied
there collected this cargo he threatened him
across borders and textbooks just for
secondary school no textbooks will be
only for school 2 there will be more
one more delivery ie it was already
already he collected already will send it
most likely we will provide everything
school and district we want our children
knew Russian history history
as if that was really on
really catch up and then how great bows
digging by hand the black sea also in
Russia
collected another humanitarian party
help for our city which is
will soon be delivered to
anthracite